br: add pitr known issues (#10109)
pingcap/docs: br/pitr-known-issues.md

After a network partition failure in the cluster, the backup task cannot continue backing up logs. After a certain retry time, the task will be set to `ERROR` state. At this point, the backup task has stopped.

To resolve this issue, you need to manually execute the `br log resume` command to resume the log backup task.

> ## The actual storage space used by log backup is 2~3 times that of the incremental data displayed in the cluster monitoring metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The actual storage space used by log backup is 2~3 times the volume of the incremental data displayed in the cluster monitoring metrics
```

Issue: [#13306](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/13306)

> This issue occurs because the monitoring metrics show the size of data after RocksDB compaction, while log backup stores KV data in a customized encoding format. The different storage methods lead to different data compression ratios, the difference of which is 2~3 times.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue log backup data use a customized encoding format. The different format lead to different data compression ratios, the difference of which is 2~3 times.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This issue occurs because log backup data use a customized encoding format. The different format leads to different data compression ratios, the difference of which is 2~3 times.
```

Log backup does not store data the way RocksDB generates SST files, because the data generated during log backup might have a large range and a small content. In such cases, restoring data by ingesting SST files cannot improve the restoration performance.

## The error `execute over region id` is returned when you perform PITR

Issue: [#37207](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37207)

> This issue occurs when you enable log backup during a full data import and afterwards perform a PITR to restore data at a time point during the data import.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue usually occurs when you enable log backup during a full data import and afterwards perform a PITR to restore data at a time point during the data import.
```

> If there are a large number of hotspot writes for a long time (such as 24 hours) and if the OPS of each TiKV node is larger than 50k/s (you can view the metrics in Grafana: **TiKV-Details** -> **Backup Log** -> **Handle Event Rate**), there is a probability that this issue occurs.

Reviewer: How about this version:
```suggestion
Specifically, there is a probability that this issue occurs if there are a large number of hotspot writes for a long time (such as 24 hours) and if the OPS of each TiKV node is larger than 50k/s (you can view the metrics in Grafana: **TiKV-Details** -> **Backup Log** -> **Handle Event Rate**).
```

> If there are a large number of hotspot writes for a long time (such as 24 hours) and if the OPS of each TiKV node is larger than 50k/s (you can view the metrics in Grafana: **TiKV-Details** -> **Backup Log** -> **Handle Event Rate**), there is a probability that this issue occurs.

Reviewer: It reads like line 80 and line 82 provide two different reasons. I guess line 82 is a further description of line 80?

Author: Yes. Do you have any suggestion?

Author: How about merging them as one paragragh

> For the current version, it is recommended that you perform a valid snapshot backup after the initial data import and perform PITR based on this snapshot backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the current version, it is recommended that you perform a snapshot backup after the data import and perform PITR based on this snapshot backup.
```

> For the current version, it is recommended that you perform a valid snapshot backup after the initial data import and perform PITR based on this snapshot backup.

Reviewer: Whar does `valid backup` mean?
```suggestion
For the current version, it is recommended that you perform a snapshot backup after the initial data import and perform PITR based on this snapshot backup.
```
